This is a fork of the NSD_3_2 branch. Is is designed to operate as described
in the dnssexy project (see: http://nlnetlabs.nl/projects/dnssexy (TODO)).

An external verifier can be configured per zone. When a zone with a verifier
is received or is updated via an (incremental) zone transfer, it will be
submitted to this external verifier for evaluation. When the verifier deems
the updated zone to be correct, it has to indicate this by exiting with status
code 0. The zone will then be served. Other exit status codes will discard the
update and NSD will continue to serve the zone before the update.

A verifier is specified with the "verifier:" option in the "zone:" clause.

The zone can be provided to the verifier in two ways. 

     1. The complete zone can be fed to the standard input of the verifier.

	This modus operandi is enabled by default and can be configured with
	the "verifier-feed-zone:" option in the "server:" and the "zone:"
	clause. The option in the "server:" clause sets the default for all
	verifier-enabled zones which can in turn deviate from the general
	setting with their own option.

     2. The zone can be served to the verifier.

	This is disabled by default and can be enabled by configuring ip-
	addresses, with the "verify-ip-address" option in the "server:" clause,
	on which the zone to be assessed will be served.  Addresses can
	optionally contain a port number, but when not given will use the value
	specified by the "verify-port" option, which, when not given, will be
	5347.

A verifier is informed about the domain name of the zone to be verified, and
the accessablity of the system submitting the zone via environment variables.

	VERIFY_ZONE 
		will contain the domain name of the zone to be verified.

	VERIFY_ZONE_ON_STDIN 
		will contain the value "yes" when the zone is fed to the
		standard input of the verifier.

	VERIFY_IP_ADDRESSES
		will contain a list of <ip-address>@<port>s on which the zone
		to be verified can be queried.

	VERIFY_IPV6_ADDRESS and VERIFY_IPV6_PORT
		will contain the first configured IPv6 address (and port) for
		querying the zone (if configured and when supported).

	VERIFY_IPV4_ADDRESS and VERIFY_IPV4_PORT
		the first configured IPv4 address and port (again when
		configured and supported), and 

	VERIFY_IP_ADDRESS and VERIFY_IP_PORT
		the first address and port with a preference for IPv6.

For each zone one verifier will be run at the same time, but when multiple
to-be-verified zones are received, multiple verifiers may be run
simultaneously. The number of verifiers that may be run simultaneously is
configured with the "verifier-count:" option in the "server:" clause and
defaults to 1.

The time a verifier may take can be configured with the "verifier-timeout:"
option in the "server:" clause (to make the general default) or in the "zone:"
clause to set it for a specific zone. When the time the verifier takes exceeds
the timeout value, the zone to be verified will be considered bad.  By default
the value is 0, which means that the verifier may take as long as it needs.

